(The second day of Line & Up ended successfully!)
All: Hello, it's LOOΠΔ
HeeJin: I'm so happy right now~
HeeJin: And I heard that Kim Lip has something important to say to you~
Kim Lip: You know, I'm very happy right now because all of you gave a lot of love and support
Kim Lip: However, there's another thing to celebrate, right?
Kim Lip: 1, 2, 3!
(It's the birthday of Choerry, the youngest of ODD EYE CIRCLE!)
All: Happy birthday, Choerry!
(And this is a suprise event prepared with fans!)
'Happy birthday, Choerry'
(Celebrate her 18th birthday together on the stage!)
All: Happy birthday to you~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Choerry - Love Cherry Motion"
HeeJin: Actaully, people make a wish when they blow out the candles on the cake~
HeeJin: How about you, what was your wish?
Choerry: I wish that we, LOOΠΔ, will stay together as long as we can, like 500, 1000 years
Choerry: And I hope all the fans will continue to stay with us like 100, 500, 1000 years!
(You will continue to stay with us, right?)
Choerry: Thank you so much~
HeeJin: Congratulation on your 18th birthday~